(Link storybook only) Don't highlight plain text examples (#482)
adobe-private/react-spectrum-v3: packages/@react-spectrum/link/docs/Link.mdx

<Link><RouterLink to="/next-page">Next Page</RouterLink></Link>
```

If the content is plain text, it will be styled and exposed to assistive technologies as a link.
Events will need to be handled in JavaScript with the `onPress` prop.

> Note, this will not bring up link context menus in mobile, it's recommended that you use an anchor tag or something that will render one.

Reviewer: It's not only mobile, e.g. right click.

```suggestion
Note: this will not behave like a native link. Browser features like context menus and open in new tab will not apply.
```

```tsx example

> function TrackLink () {

Reviewer: I think a simple alert is probably fine for this one.

Author: they're so disruptive :(

For string-typed `children`, the link component will expose the accessible role to assistive technology as a "link".

```tsx example

> function GetPressTarget () {

Reviewer: why u no like alert? 😄
